1. Input Images

images/ - source images.

Store all images used as source for the AI here.
These images are also used in the demo to show the original
These images are used in the query, BQFlow will read them for the AI calls.

2. AI Workflows For Each Product

cbalm.json - workflow for this product.
vorato.json - workflow for this product.
generated - destination where ai images are written, there is a naming convention.

python ../bqflow/run.py cbalm.json -u ~/Documents/user.json -p gtech-kenjora -v
python ../bqflow/run.py vorato.json -u ~/Documents/user.json -p gtech-kenjora -v

Execute these to generate the AI images for each country.
To exclude already generated images use the following SQL logic:

```
WHERE uri NOT IN ( 
'Vorato - Red Back - Farm - Argentina - Product',
'Vorato - Red Back - Farm - Australia - Product',
'Vorato - Red Back - Farm - Brazil - Product',
'Vorato - Red Back - Farm - Canada - Product',
'Vorato - Red Back - Farm - Chile - Product',
```

Modify the workflow if the generative AI crashes or you want to redo a bunch of images.

3. Generate Map Data

ads.py - reads the generated/ folder for images with a naming convention and assembles the javascript map configuration.
countries.py - used by ads.py, a list of countries imported from bigquery, used to map GPS coordinates.
index.html - the actual demo loaded by the browser.
ads.js - generated by ads.py, used by index.html to populate the demo.

For the demo ONLY the following files are needed once everything is generated:

index.html, ads.js, generates/*.jpg, images/*.jpg
